now Ezra remained in Acacia Grove and
now Ezra remained in Acacia Grove and that people began to commit harlotry
that people began to commit harlotry
that people began to commit harlotry with the women of Moab they invited the
with the women of Moab they invited the
with the women of Moab they invited the people to the sacrifices of their gods
people to the sacrifices of their gods
people to the sacrifices of their gods and the people ate and bowed down to
and the people ate and bowed down to
and the people ate and bowed down to their gods so Israel was joined to bale
their gods so Israel was joined to bale
their gods so Israel was joined to bale of Peel and the anger of the Lord was
of Peel and the anger of the Lord was
of Peel and the anger of the Lord was aroused against Israel then the Lord
aroused against Israel then the Lord
aroused against Israel then the Lord said to Moses take all the leaders of
said to Moses take all the leaders of
said to Moses take all the leaders of the people and hang the offenders before
the people and hang the offenders before
the people and hang the offenders before the Lord out in the Sun that the fierce
the Lord out in the Sun that the fierce
the Lord out in the Sun that the fierce anger of the Lord may turn away from his
anger of the Lord may turn away from his
anger of the Lord may turn away from his reign
reign
reign so Moses said to the judges of Israel
so Moses said to the judges of Israel
so Moses said to the judges of Israel every one of you kill his men who were
every one of you kill his men who were
every one of you kill his men who were joined to Vail of peor and indeed one of
joined to Vail of peor and indeed one of
joined to Vail of peor and indeed one of the children of Israel came and
the children of Israel came and
the children of Israel came and presented to his brethren a Midianite
presented to his brethren a Midianite
presented to his brethren a Midianite woman in the sight of Moses and in the
woman in the sight of Moses and in the
woman in the sight of Moses and in the sight of all the congregation of the
sight of all the congregation of the
sight of all the congregation of the children of Israel who were weeping at
children of Israel who were weeping at
children of Israel who were weeping at the door of the tabernacle of meeting
the door of the tabernacle of meeting
the door of the tabernacle of meeting now when phineas the son of Eleazar the
now when phineas the son of Eleazar the
now when phineas the son of Eleazar the son of Aaron the priest saw it he rose
son of Aaron the priest saw it he rose
son of Aaron the priest saw it he rose from among the congregation and took a
from among the congregation and took a
from among the congregation and took a javelin in his hand and he went after
javelin in his hand and he went after
javelin in his hand and he went after the man of Israel into the tent and
the man of Israel into the tent and
the man of Israel into the tent and thrust both of them through the man of
thrust both of them through the man of
thrust both of them through the man of Israel and the woman of her body
Israel and the woman of her body
Israel and the woman of her body so the plague was stopped among the
so the plague was stopped among the
so the plague was stopped among the children of Israel and those who died in
children of Israel and those who died in
children of Israel and those who died in the plague were 24,000
the plague were 24,000
the plague were 24,000 [Music]
[Music]
[Music] then the Lord spoke to Moses Phineas the
then the Lord spoke to Moses Phineas the
then the Lord spoke to Moses Phineas the son of Eleazar the son of Aaron the
son of Eleazar the son of Aaron the
son of Eleazar the son of Aaron the priest has turned back my wrath from the
priest has turned back my wrath from the
priest has turned back my wrath from the children of Israel because he was
children of Israel because he was
children of Israel because he was zealous with my zeal among them so that
zealous with my zeal among them so that
zealous with my zeal among them so that I did not consume the children of Israel
I did not consume the children of Israel
I did not consume the children of Israel in my zeal therefore saying behold I
in my zeal therefore saying behold I
in my zeal therefore saying behold I give to him my covenant of peace and it
give to him my covenant of peace and it
give to him my covenant of peace and it shall be to him and his descendants
shall be to him and his descendants
shall be to him and his descendants after him a covenant of an everlasting
after him a covenant of an everlasting
after him a covenant of an everlasting priesthood because he was zealous for
priesthood because he was zealous for
priesthood because he was zealous for his God and made atonement for the
his God and made atonement for the
his God and made atonement for the children of Israel now the name of the
children of Israel now the name of the
children of Israel now the name of the Israelite who was killed who was killed
Israelite who was killed who was killed
Israelite who was killed who was killed with the Midianite woman was Imre the
with the Midianite woman was Imre the
with the Midianite woman was Imre the son of save a leader of a father's house
son of save a leader of a father's house
son of save a leader of a father's house among the Samia Knights and the name of
among the Samia Knights and the name of
among the Samia Knights and the name of the Midianite woman who was killed was
the Midianite woman who was killed was
the Midianite woman who was killed was caused by the daughter of zero he was
caused by the daughter of zero he was
caused by the daughter of zero he was head of the people of a father's house
head of the people of a father's house
head of the people of a father's house in Midian
in Midian
in Midian then the Lord spoke to Moses Harris the
then the Lord spoke to Moses Harris the
then the Lord spoke to Moses Harris the Midianites and attacked them for they
Midianites and attacked them for they
Midianites and attacked them for they harassed you with their schemes by which
harassed you with their schemes by which
harassed you with their schemes by which they seduced you in the matter of peor
they seduced you in the matter of peor
they seduced you in the matter of peor and in the matter of Kasbah the daughter
and in the matter of Kasbah the daughter
and in the matter of Kasbah the daughter of a leader of Midian their sister who
of a leader of Midian their sister who
of a leader of Midian their sister who was killed in the day of the plague
was killed in the day of the plague
was killed in the day of the plague because of Pele